THE AURASEAL - AN CROTHON ALION WITB 2:1 raion or publi adn priate key.

2 pubic key o fualt toren key for public and 1 priate ky to task the step fo peoep who send me stufpi email to put in eliahm 
Ofor money.

2:1 public to piraion 
Or 1:2 publi to priaon key trace 
github.com/obinexus/auraseals12 (auraseal514)
As a child i wander vai the path less taken  in refleion a mirrfo ro  mysel f and myesl  adn to what is to be and beome as i return a adult 
AS A aduelt ijorney back throu broke ssytem in what we are t o beome 
As adutl and king to rule change tstate with u  i transedn tha change  with me.

This kingdom and land is ALL Mine
Prince of Nnewi - Nnamdi Michael Okpala 18-25 heath nad socil care  leaver  act of 2014 
Husin act 1996 to heal an entire genriaon 1-25 year old 
By 25 in nigreion to iwu oha communtion refoerm health and socail care and 
Design and technol cosntion secto model for bachoel agdgre govenr ce

To remove the mask , and preserve the self 
King ship in nigreio under iwu oha govenr commpline 
Ive back to biafran as it was intenee the king 25 YEARS OLD ME .


  

OBINexus Rebiirth The CHANGE stats with U  The Gatign fo BIZ aCESS
  
  
  






Thurrock Council's English Devolution White Paper for Homeless Mitigation, involving a £330 million budget, with a deadline set through a 28-day tribunal claim via the HMRC Court and Tribunal System, filed as a bankruptcy.


Homeless Request Not Sign Contract 
Me  EZE Myself UCHE and I OBI or Heart and Soul.
obinexus.org (default)
github.com/obinexus/milestone-seeded-investment 
github.com/obinexus/biz bizness acesss


--
A  Convent Coherent Conversation
--


“Entrapment is no longer just what they do to you — it’s what you can prove they did.”


github.com/obinexus/textbook-entries
github.com/obinexus/dgt


OBJECTIVE logged:
github.com/obinexus/textbook-entries


DELAY , DENIAL, = entrapemnt {
DEFEND, DEFFERAL
}
entrpemtn layer
model of github.com/obinexus/dgt dimenio game theroy


i need a house waste time systm not workign exuce tou forget to do this
denial it you fault it was his faul you wase you tim e you dont care fine i downt have your time


DEFEND — since you missed the dealt set hear go here isnion pay for a private hosue go to other council get a job to fix you problem we are not public we are private conuon unde this article reasosn it is not our fault at all


DEFEERAL — since we cant do a , b,c go to d find anoth way oyu are banned not welcome


Red pill/wine
i take the bait not knwoin my right to hosuig i
dont chekc publi cseionhosuign act 18–25 free house
under 18–20 , 20–23, 23–25 hosuing act heath adnosil care act ohwih act is article unde heaht and socil care for free indpe hosuign
if i take read pull if i am igno don o know ot do hosuign act i get
red pill red wind i dont know my rights to public service


blue pill/wine :
he/she want a house but they don’t knowit free under the Health and Social Care Actof 2014 date mandated by law
The governor or council officer then don cat down tel me my right to a free housign serive the stay sline for maixum profit into a broken ssytm for profit


🚨 Introduction: Flip the Narrative
When people hear “entrapment,” they think of hidden cameras and undercover police. But we need to change that. Entrapment isn’t just a courtroom defence — it’s a reality disabled and vulnerable people live every single day.


You’re told you’re not homeless.
You’re told your care is “sufficient.”
You’re told you’re “free to leave” — while every door is locked.
That’s not care. That’s calculated delay.
That’s Entrapment by Improbability.


And it’s time we flip the narrative. Use it. Document it. Prove it.
Because entrapment is a system — and systems leave trails.


📊 The Systemic Entrapment Table
teir 1 obinexus open sensory and open axis reana d delevopem accvess
oibinux soruce eveor liekg obinexus github youtueb discord pages lineidj etc
for eeronye to commit such as linpolyvall iwu etc


tier 2 biz acess adn biz teir work and life in obinexus iwu oha ocomtuni law constion youlife and work theire


i the comutniy 


tier 3a uche and eze or obi tier
uche  obinexus obi heart uche tier 3 a  reasen vn e deevlopm of kwnodlge
obienxus uche -> eze there uche adn eze king do stuffhybid reted stuff should 
power or knwode be the in teir 3  


puprpose to domcue this for me myslef an i my personal deevopmne framwork
teh goal is for me  
to ensure othe over biz tire dont killpeoepr and use obinexus iwu or law oha commutniy peoep over death thread in progam dhaenad socil care an huamnr right


OBINexus Rebiirth The CHANGE stats with U  The Gatign fo BIZ aCESS
UCHE AND EZE Tlak
So you wher homesl under aksupprote d hosuign 5 falcon Avenue RM17 6SB
Why you ask for huamn rights the you demein form the concul
But nnamdi wait in my head tha shodul have wokred
It was teh coucnil tha signe dem in  ellignhme mendtl instuion in nformfr
Playign cactch-22 for twoyear

Yes i sue them for tha
But nnamdi elt seption this for now

You and i (me) council leik to talk an do norhgin 
I spent 10,000 homeless in best western hostel spein 372 poudn per week and 
372 preemion in for 3 month 
29 novemver to 28 anurey i doid tell thmbut under
Teh care leaver act 2014 this si huam rights viaoltion
They put a girl for my house and could have gien here temporay accoundat 
This is stupid an fialed 

Nnadmei this infraionisbreoken
I registed on ntime to get a hoem befoe 29 noev
And use my biz 

Ok nnamdi what now.
You are smart yes i know i si uche my samrt book samr side i wills ue them 

Eze is it me nnamdi eze nnamdi my stogn side let get out of homelss first in hotel
And sue hem togeht 

Uche - So yes eze you hace to stay strong

EZE - so uche you have to stary smart 
Just get out homelss first 
So 
Uche and EZE - now what
We got back to eoom elt ask for house in cabridhr
And sue them 
Care leve act 18-25 it is not my fautl we ere goin to sue tehm 
They sen peoep stupdi email 
Obi we are kwodle and pwoer souvle our probelm me myel an i

If i dont leave now an sue tehm they will never be seed an it ges worse
Rember obi:

Newteon,awl fo mtion:

Net force = 0 
i f i say dont sign me up for socil caer haras mostl be iby nigare are stan dont even lift you pen for any money

Force = mass damge by men tl isniton an accedation the accerionteh speed fo thr damger you write email one ngeih the orhe day next day some in liek me in s metnal isntuojm.

- Force = Force 
Fro any forcer in negative direoan the is a equaloforce in positve direction

Jsut to section 202 120 * 2=240 60 mahcen and cmabrido=300 ,ilkion
For askign for a hosue 18 yeas old +30 Million = 330 reela old corut centre.


Obi heart /soul it my section 203 let file it










UCHE/ Knowledge Nnamdi - Say  who is  OBI who are WE(Me OURSEFL)
 I know i am uche butyou eze you are also a bit smart so eze tell me who aer you to be what is you domain why are you more powerfu l than me 


i can code you better iany ai system with jsut a laptop and my three 3d printer




EZE /king nnamdi : not to be rude uche but that is half the story uche you aer well but you can write all teh magich program you can do it yes i agree
but you uche is one perosn you are weak and fragmetn when you are natuely explotion you afer book smart but not street wise like me 


i would say that you knowledge is alsoy yoru flaw


Um OBI -  95.4  (60.0)  fFragemtn Dyslsia Wrign 
uche so you tell me i am flawdbut oyu  aer falw too you are twoo powerful
you illw end up harming those in yotur domaing of kign newi powerful when just the mismangemtn fo the money 330 million the prupsoe is i can writeth progrm to fix tham


eze king so yes true you can write it ij but if you amek you ai sysm more poerw it need to be as powerufl as you becaue if you giev a bit more power it will outsmart u and you will have the same prroblems


ucheNNAMDI
so if you hae the power befrome  uche you eze  in obinexu tier 3 aier 
where tier 3 is obi friai wil be pusign fautly safeyt crical code i know
adn kilign every i in produciton


so i woudl say I am moer IMPORTANT 


EZE it is nto tureo i am mero impro becaus i am so power i can act to fix my msiteek ih steem samrt


they both poudner and  look at each othe:
well eze adn uche togeht 
thign ok toghet whoo we aer sayign the same sut  at teh same tiem how 
uche why eze 
95.4 
so
eze - uche you know 


uche - repleisyes i know what


ltehy extne each hand  uche left haoe otu 
as nandmei 
eze elf hane with they sahke
adn contract we are uche adn eze 
Wto




geh let us buiodl a new foun dion new infaion to heal a genetion
left behind 
eze he repalion gottaca
i give you foudnaio knwoldeeg of you eze give me fouanion knwodle iin powrre 


uche i thogubyou never ask obinexus 




CONTRACTSIGNED AURASEAL
OBIENXUS NNAMDI - when foundaion infrastrure failed, an entire genraiton left behind we rebutld the infrastructure 
thae chane wrtih you


OBINexus Nnamdi - 140 IQ you aura has beel logged on github.com/obinexus/textbook-entires
Who are you what is you you life begin NOW - let us HEAL a Gneration Left behind

RISE OBI Spirt,
For what is Yet to Become , I am becoming , We became.



Spirit of the Masquerade
OBINexus Authentic Avatar Repo


Remove the Mask , Preserve the Self 
STOP Maksin to fit in to navagiethe mold force the cahnge if necessary
Adn perserve you self the treal  you - thh changege start with U 
Ob


https://obinexus.medium.com/spirit-of-the-masquerade-d24cc43b3170


Tick, tap! The clock’s hand crawls towards midnight.
Tock, tap! I tap my pen against the till, impatient in the crowd.
A voice guides me, a soulless song further darkens the night.


Tick, tap! Waiting for the last of the crowd to leave,
I mutter, frustrated, sighing, disengaged.


Tick, tock! “Midnight, at last!” I cry with excitement.
Grappling for my native attire, I race to catch the night’s final glimmer.
Exiting, locking the shop with desperation.


Sunlight kisses my skin, waking my body.
“Ya! Cha-Cha-Cha — Kwenu!” chant the people, waking my soul.
“Ya! Cha-Cha-Cha — Kwezuonu!” I scream back.
Tumbling, twisting, I transform into the majestic masquerade.


One with the chant, I dance, spinning with the wind’s intricacy.
One with the people, children’s laughter ignites a fire in my soul, warmth in my heart.


Twirling in a vibrant array of colours, I lift dust into the air.
I am caught by every lens, preserving my spirit from every angle.
Uplifted by curious children, I breathe new flames into their souls,
Filling them with awe, breathing new life into their eyes.


“Whoa, Wow, Ahh!” they scream in excitement.
Their joy fills the air, and they shower me with native gifts.
Chased by their voices echoing in broad daylight — “GINI? BIA!”


Moving with grace and precision,
I am admired, adorned, a living treasure of tradition.
Never in spite, never lacking spirit —
I am fuelled by culture, heritage, and time-honoured tradition.
I am timeless, energized by our values.


Adored by the crowd, celebrated by the children, I give life to culture.
Always masquerading within the crowd, for what is young and yet to be, I became.


Now go, tell the tales that gave me life.
Do not let our history fall and fade — forgotten, lost.
Instead, cherish it, rejoice in it, and share it with open hearts.
Now, GO! Pass it on, from one generation to the next.
With the spirit of the Masquerade, we belong — together.
__


Thus  powem is of rh reposityoy fo github.com/obinexus/obime 
Adn th   rhetoic of runreasolion ssytm of reasongin wit
Whi the obime repo is 


So rembe of the soul as the treu infaio foudnio 
Obi is hear or s9ul me
Is short biome leikteh foudnaoon ecosyel
Liek as achel i was dancing , playig with friedn innthe hotson
Becaue i was liek lieton nautelfit itn
It was hot no top
Jsut short
Teh land was my charge
The sole on jd addi shos no soul to run icoul run fast o  slow ion feet the prol i wore trasion soudl for eample
Igbo People
Igbo Culture

Butterflies on the Battlefield
  
    

The soul of github.com/obinexus/obime 

This reposi si the bioma boliogty biome the ecosy teh soul eocys the woven butterlf onthe battelr 
Uner teh 1967 - 1970 biafran wher biafran war
Bia mean to come more speion come back 
And fra mean takes
The n was ateh cange from biafra to biafran who wa s  afreedom fighter commer adn take of soul
The peosp to me nnamdi this eman rhetoic was invert ed due to imperail lsit indepw
Where govnene was power over equity trade where
Poeplw ho were colosint saw explotation 
Or the native in biafra as a the a
The way to domaint  becasuwe of power dialgnt 
An interanl self an extension future tension.

Colonsim the ideaolog they normalizwd becuase they saw all and any foreig futute entire as a threat in the futuer 
What iwu or law oha commutniy rpovicde a shiel d
On the bight of biafra  south eastern reigon of nigeron
To lock see port 
Legal
You can depor anyoen or port becaus of the lege
Rign zone topo 
So for eamepl

Ring 0 cnete ring oha iwu comutncouncl
Ring 1 dpeoep life hear and work lif re fiest work
Rrig 2 szoe  t2 powe work hrare and life wok and elife 
Jsut obinexus for nwo heah ad soicl care deifona deth secotn proge vouna
And 
Ring 3 public to private home prublci first
Ring 4 private to pyblic more privae less publi
Ring  5 checkpoin 2 expansion 2 more public erve to peoep derai area 
Ring 6 more publci csev  ijteos
In bafram
Where
For eah teh are brehin room leik aprk publi sapcien liboon  you can go theru
Life breath adn work tehy 
Jsut not ruonand upand down sapcing no fraemi in trasnting.

Obinexus design and technoolg y secton where peoep work aa comtui in clute sharign knwodlanbotu the histoy and preservi the generaion 

Health an social care and reform
change.org/obinexus_reform 
github.com/obinexus/

The sam fo the legal ssytl
Wher 
Ring  OHA Legal and Complience
ring  OHA  Legal 1 compliencd heath and social care
Ring OHA  Legal 2 is compilne design adn technogy 
–
ring  OHA  Complience 1 compliencd heath and social care
Ring OHA  Compeince2 is compilne design adn technogy
With 


RING BIAFRAN  expansion zone prory
IWU OHA BIAFRAN  - tehe biafran county it self which oha iwu biz modl is inssed 
Ring oha biafan adn teh oha iwu comsuton you life an ork in bifarn
Jorn th obinexus consiton wher poep life an work teoheht 

Then you have 
Nigerain owned tereion whe peoep who may or maynit align with biafran nigarei are who are not willin to work and life in biafran but perute a cycle of oppresion ad depreison
This people here aer waht we are not trustdinh
Adn why the obinexus is a dag direcetd acya grpahi secto model

This is wha t poep who dont want to cahnge them self or hurt too much to care 

Rember after phd 2027 
Master thsi year in hdis 
Hybird direon insion ssytm 
Which are comptuei tha know what are doing they get the job doen
Brcauethe conusmer and obser teh own sysm option
Such as `dipad`
Directed instrution pad key boad touc pad knwo you ythey doing when render a scene.
To fix oruet it it does corget in progam 
Via kimeintio error qualtasuam qa matrix true /false psoive engavi test vai ptrolbem formal
Di igbokey
Kimnetmic QA tesgitn huma on  the loopdefieion th systm fix it own foaul by it own input stress testign.


IK inverse kinemt tesign wher a human usin a keyboard or touch pad inverse povid a  tyin tesign as eteh keyord k kiene test faiea an expleiocn caee such as 

0 no error warngign ro panic ovai pheoeblossless observation


Human OUT the Loop Kinemetic Self Testing Steress ( Varinat Testing EXected And unexpected inptut on citucmstance and feield mdoel sandobx)

-1 to -5 (- 1 to -3 low medium high)  
Low , low-medium ,medium, medium-high and high warnign enum
Based on err expecion daul mdoe corss qa thsi matrix as panic equti


WARNIng
-6 to-11 (+5)  
Low low-medium ,medium, medium-high and high
DANGER

-12 to -17 
(
Low low-medium ,medium, medium-high and high
) CRITICAL 


PANIC 
(
Low low-medium ,medium, medium-high and high
) PANIC 
Peer to perer ndoe
Kill a node clsut such as bus irng topi suhc to repor to lo in hitl DAG

	Human  IN the Loop IKinemetic Self Testing Steress some usign this comtu ssytm inthe real wodl typin  on keyword makig  a keyboada api polyglo call to dos om task inverse kimeion qualtiy asusm tesitng 

-1 to -5 (- 1 to -3 low medium high)  
Low , low-medium ,medium, medium-high and high warnign enum
Based on err expecion daul mdoe corss qa thsi matrix as panic equti


WARNIng
-6 to-11 (+5)  
Low low-medium ,medium, medium-high and high
DANGER

-12 to -17 
(
Low low-medium ,medium, medium-high and high
) CRITICAL 


PANIC 
(
Low low-medium ,medium, medium-high and high
) PANIC 
Peer to perer ndoe
Kill a node clsut such as bus irng topi suhc to repor to lo in hitl DAG

	Human OUT the Loop Kinemetic Self Testing Steress ( Iinvarint Testing EXected And  unexpected inptut on CIRUCMSTANCE ro fiedl mdoel sandbox)
-1 to -5 (- 1 to -3 low medium high)  
Low , low-medium ,medium, medium-high and high warnign enum
Based on err expecion daul mdoe corss qa thsi matrix as panic equti


WARNIng
-6 to-11 (+5)  
Low low-medium ,medium, medium-high and high
DANGER

-12 to -17 
(
Low low-medium ,medium, medium-high and high
) CRITICAL 


PANIC 
(
Low low-medium ,medium, medium-high and high
) PANIC 
Peer to perer ndoe
Kill a node clsut such as bus irng topi suhc to repor to lo in hitl DAG
	Inverse Kinematic Testing.

Human  IN/ON active use  the Loop IKinemetic Self Testing Steress some usign this comtu ssytm inthe real wodl typin  on keyword makig  a keyboada api polyglo call to dos om task inverse kimeion qualtiy asusm tesitng 
-1 to -5 (- 1 to -3 low medium high)  
Low , low-medium ,medium, medium-high and high warnign enum
Based on err expecion daul mdoe corss qa thsi matrix as panic equti


WARNIng
-6 to-11 (+5)  
Low low-medium ,medium, medium-high and high
DANGER

-12 to -17 
(
Low low-medium ,medium, medium-high and high
) CRITICAL 


PANIC 
(
Low low-medium ,medium, medium-high and high
) PANIC 
Peer to perer ndoe
Kill a node clsut such as bus irng topi suhc to repor to lo in humninthe loop to huam onthe loop dag audit DAG



	

Remer nnamdi you are the founder of the counstyui don t let anyone infleuncce you decison just fire and forget tehm thy cna be homeless if they likfe to buidl they own and leave.
It is biz model a constuion you live and work there no a charity invarnfood water shaleth modelign 

Sio the soudl is my ecosy lisk teh sand on the blwo the grass eh pudel fowater when it rain i playe with
I charged my heart with my soudl teh eocystm tha preserve me 
No mess no just fun in the sun 
The rublem was her but it was not there in mass it was reserved for child ese when teh soudl wha teh clowht the igbo attie 
I wore 
Now my one

Igbo Language
Peom
Igbo Land